docs: new example for cast call (#435)
foundry-rs/book: src/reference/cast/cast-call.md

      "balanceOf(address)(uint256)" 0x...
    ```

> 2. Call `getAmountsOut(uint,address[])` on the Uniswap v2 router contract:
>     ```sh
>    cast call 0x7a250d5630B4cF539739dF2C5dAcb4c659F2488D \
>      "getAmountsOut(uint,address[])" 1 [0x6b...0f,0xc0...c2]
>     ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
3. Call ``getAmountsOut(uint,address[])`` on the Uniswap v2 router contract:
    ```sh
   cast call 0x7a250d5630B4cF539739dF2C5dAcb4c659F2488D \
     "getAmountsOut(uint,address[])" 1 "[0x6b...0f,0xc0...c2]"
    ```
````
